README.md, before:

# Captain API - Postman-like Client

A modern API testing client built with Wails (Go + Vue3) that provides a Postman-like interface for testing HTTP APIs.

## Screenshots

![Captain API Interface](./images/captain-api-image.png)
*Modern API testing interface with request builder and response viewer*

## Features

### 🚀 Core Features
- **HTTP Request Builder**: Support for GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH, HEAD, OPTIONS methods
- **Request Management**: Save, organize, and reuse requests in collections
- **Response Viewer**: Beautiful response display with syntax highlighting
- **Headers Management**: Easy-to-use interface for managing request headers
- **Body Support**: JSON, text, and raw body types
- **Collections**: Organize requests into collections for better management
- **Persistent Storage**: Requests are saved locally for future use

### 🎨 UI Features
- **Modern Interface**: Clean, responsive design inspired by Postman
- **Tabbed Interface**: Separate tabs for headers, body, and response
- **Real-time Response**: Live response display with status codes, timing, and size
- **JSON Formatting**: Automatic JSON formatting and validation
- **Copy to Clipboard**: Easy copying of response data

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Go 1.22+ 
- Node.js 18+
- Bun (package manager)
- Wails v3

### Installation

1. **Install Wails3** (if not already installed):
   ```bash
   go install github.com/wailsapp/wails/v3/cmd/wails3@latest
   ```

2. **Clone the repository** (if not already done):
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd captain-api
   ```

3. **Install dependencies and build**:
   ```bash
   # This will automatically install frontend dependencies, 
   # generate bindings, and build the application
   wails3 build
   ```

   Or for development with auto-reload:
   ```bash
   wails3 dev
   ```

### Development

To run the application in development mode with hot reload:

```bash
wails3 dev
```

This will start the application with:
- Hot reload for frontend changes
- Automatic Go code recompilation
- Debug console access

### Production Build

To create a production build:

```bash
wails3 build
```

The built application will be available in the `build/bin/` directory.

### Generate Bindings

If you modify Go services and need to regenerate frontend bindings:

```bash
wails3 generate bindings
```

This provides:
- Browser developer tools access
- Console logging
- Hot reload for faster development

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Built with [Wails](https://wails.io/) - Go + Web frontend framework
- Inspired by [Postman](https://www.postman.com/)
- Icons and styling inspired by modern API tools

---

**Happy API Testing! 🚀**

Commit message:

docs: update README with detailed project description and features
Add comprehensive project overview, key features, and benefits to help users understand the value proposition of Captain API. The update includes "What is Captain API" and "Why Choose Captain API" sections to better communicate the tool's purpose and advantages.

README.md, after:

# Captain API - Postman-like Client

Captain API is a modern, desktop-based API testing client built with cutting-edge technologies (Go + Vue3 + Wails3) that provides developers with a powerful, Postman-like interface for testing and managing HTTP APIs.

## What is Captain API?
Captain API is a free, open-source API testing tool designed to streamline the API development and testing workflow. Whether you're a backend developer, frontend engineer, or QA tester, Captain API provides an intuitive interface to send HTTP requests, organize API collections, and analyze responses efficiently.

## Why Choose Captain API?
✅ Free & Open Source - No subscription fees or usage limits 
✅ Privacy-First - All data stored locally on your machine 
✅ Fast & Lightweight - Native desktop performance 
✅ Cross-Platform - Works on Windows, macOS, and Linux 

*Captain API empowers developers to test, debug, and document APIs efficiently with a tool that prioritizes simplicity, performance, and developer experience.*

## Screenshots

![Captain API Interface](./images/captain-api-image.png)
*Modern API testing interface with request builder and response viewer*

## Features

### 🚀 Core Features
- **HTTP Request Builder**: Support for GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH, HEAD, OPTIONS methods
- **Request Management**: Save, organize, and reuse requests in collections
- **Response Viewer**: Beautiful response display with syntax highlighting
- **Headers Management**: Easy-to-use interface for managing request headers
- **Body Support**: JSON, text, and raw body types
- **Collections**: Organize requests into collections for better management
- **Persistent Storage**: Requests are saved locally for future use

### 🎨 UI Features
- **Modern Interface**: Clean, responsive design inspired by Postman
- **Tabbed Interface**: Separate tabs for headers, body, and response
- **Real-time Response**: Live response display with status codes, timing, and size
- **JSON Formatting**: Automatic JSON formatting and validation
- **Copy to Clipboard**: Easy copying of response data

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Go 1.22+ 
- Node.js 18+
- Bun (package manager)
- Wails v3

### Installation

1. **Install Wails3** (if not already installed):
   ```bash
   go install github.com/wailsapp/wails/v3/cmd/wails3@latest
   ```

2. **Clone the repository** (if not already done):
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd captain-api
   ```

3. **Install dependencies and build**:
   ```bash
   # This will automatically install frontend dependencies, 
   # generate bindings, and build the application
   wails3 build
   ```

   Or for development with auto-reload:
   ```bash
   wails3 dev
   ```

### Development

To run the application in development mode with hot reload:

```bash
wails3 dev
```

This will start the application with:
- Hot reload for frontend changes
- Automatic Go code recompilation
- Debug console access

### Production Build

To create a production build:

```bash
wails3 build
```

The built application will be available in the `build/bin/` directory.

### Generate Bindings

If you modify Go services and need to regenerate frontend bindings:

```bash
wails3 generate bindings
```

This provides:
- Browser developer tools access
- Console logging
- Hot reload for faster development

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Built with [Wails](https://wails.io/) - Go + Web frontend framework
- Inspired by [Postman](https://www.postman.com/)
- Icons and styling inspired by modern API tools

---

**Happy API Testing! 🚀**
